README.md, before:

# The `Blog Application` on RoR

> The Blog app is a classic example of a blog website. Here created a fully functional website that will show the list of posts and empower readers to interact with them by adding comments and liking posts.

### Build with:

- Ruby
- Rails
- Postgres
- Front end stack

## Project milestones:

- Project 1: Setup and controllers. 
- Project 2: Controllers specs.  
- Project 3: Creating a data model.  🚩​🚩​🚩 (current milestone)
- Project 4: Processing data in models.
- Project 5: Views.
- Project 6: Forms
- Project 7: Validations, Model specs, and n+1 problems.
- Project 8: Add Devise.
- Project 9: Add authorization rules.
- Project 10: Integration specs for Views.
- Project 11: Add API endpoints.
- Exercise: API documentation.

## Getting Started

- make sure you have Ruby and Postgresql installed on your system.
- install rails by running `gem install rails`
- git clone https://github.com/elmar8287/blog_app.git
- cd ./blog_app
- run `yarn install` to install all dependencies
- run `rails db:create` and `rails db:migrate` to create database.
- run `rails s` and go to http:localhost:3000 to view the app.

## Author

👤 **Elmar Abdulkarimov**

- GitHub: [Elmar Abdulkarimov](https://github.com/elmar8287)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Fix README file with instruction with test code

README.md, after:

# The `Blog Application` on RoR

> The Blog app is a classic example of a blog website. Here created a fully functional website that will show the list of posts and empower readers to interact with them by adding comments and liking posts.

### Build with:

- Ruby
- Rails
- Postgres
- Front end stack

## Project milestones:

- Project 1: Setup and controllers. 
- Project 2: Controllers specs.  
- Project 3: Creating a data model.  🚩​🚩​🚩 (current milestone)
- Project 4: Processing data in models.
- Project 5: Views.
- Project 6: Forms
- Project 7: Validations, Model specs, and n+1 problems.
- Project 8: Add Devise.
- Project 9: Add authorization rules.
- Project 10: Integration specs for Views.
- Project 11: Add API endpoints.
- Exercise: API documentation.

## Getting Started

- make sure you have Ruby and Postgresql installed on your system.
- install rails by running `gem install rails`
- git clone https://github.com/elmar8287/blog_app.git
- cd ./blog_app
- run `yarn install` to install all dependencies
- run `rails db:create` and `rails db:migrate` to create database.
- run `rails s` and go to http:localhost:3000 to view the app.

## Run tests

- install npm with `npm i`
- install rspec with `bundle install` and `rails generate rspec:install`
- run the test with `rspec spec`

## Author

👤 **Elmar Abdulkarimov**

- GitHub: [Elmar Abdulkarimov](https://github.com/elmar8287)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
